Chanchu.
Get up.
We have arrived at the
address that you gave me.
Guys.
Come on.
We have arrived in Lucknow.
Were we followed?
Crap!
The Police have taken
brother Hari for questioning.
Who? - Brother Hari.
My secretary.
I have a secretary.
- Crap!
Can we trust him?
Will he be able to endure
torture techniques of the Police?
Why will they torture him?
They have taken him for questioning.
In any case he doesn't know anything.
Tunde Kebabs.
Those are famous, aren't they?
Can we have some?
Please, Chits.
We haven't brushed as yet.
Don't talk about eating.
Chanchu, we are getting good food to eat,
you should eat.
In jail you will have to have
dry bread and diluted lentil soup.
And custard on Sunday.
But if you're only with me.
Nobody is going to jail!
We have come looking for Pranav.
Once he's found this
whole matter will be settled.
Hello.
Yeah.
Cast whoever you want to.
Why are you asking me?
Yes.
Take Chandrachur Singh.
He's good.
Yeah, yeah.
He's a man of good lineage.
Suits the part.
"The girl winks.."
Yes, yes.
Do it.
Make a remake of that song.
Good.
Oh, for..!
Don't call me.
I'm not in town.
Bye.
They're taking Chandrachur
Singh for Pranav's role.
Brother, you can't do this.
Please stop this film.
Chanchal, this is not
a ladies musical program..
..that I can stop
just by yelling at them.
There's millions riding on it.
It's serious business.
Chanchu, don't get jealous of my success.
That big star is performing my role.
What is his name, Baba?
Okay, can we please stop
talking about this f****** film?
You started it.
- I..
Can we do what we came here to do?
Where is this place?
Where will we find that uncle?
Khurshid Manzil.
This is the area but let's
ask someone the exact directions.
What if this uncle is
conniving with your in-laws?
No. He's not actually
a part of the family.
He is Pranav's father's friend.
In fact he's closer to Pranav.
Pranav thinks of him as his "Guru"
Makes sense.
Pranav must be here.
He must be asleep with
his head in that chap's lap.
That's it.
We found brother-in-law.
Have you completely
stopped using your brain?
Sometimes I feel you two don't even
know why you get irritated with me.
You guys lord over me just
because you are born before me.
I'm making sense, guys.
I always make sense.
- Stop the car up ahead.
Nonsense.
Let's ask someone the address.
Him?
- Stop at the side.
Let's ask him.
- Yes.
Stop at the left.
He seems fine to me.
- Will you stop?
Brother.
- Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Brother.
Where is Khurshid Manzil?
Do you wish to verbalize
with Prince Alexander?
Excuse me?
Verbalize? Pranav said the same thing.
We are at the right place.
Yes, yes.
Who is verba..
Prince Alexander?
- I'll explain.
Yes, yes.
We wish to meet him.
Do you see that building?
Yes.
- There is a big tree behind it.
You will find him under the tree.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
Verbalize.
- His name is not verbalize.
Let's go.
Deal those.
Baba, which one of those
four do you think is Prince?
That green cucumber is Prince?
Actually his name is
Nawab Sikandar Khan.
His father lovingly
called him Alexander..
..so he chose to be
called by that name.
Prince?
- Yeah.
He addresses himself as Prince Alexander.
And everyone who visits
him is also a prince.
He spends 200 rupees on a horse carriage..
..to collect a pension of 150 rupees.
Every month.
Basically he's crazy.
Five paisa blind.
Show me your cards.
Don't be shy.
Show.
You have very unfortunate cards.
Wow!
This green chap looks very fertile to me.
Look.
Fold the sheet.
Easy. Easy
Easy.
Give me.
Yes.
I'm going.
Nawab.
- Yes.
Give me my sheet before you leave.
You are a very shameless person.
Pick it up at the mansion.
Oh!
- What a star!
Well, goodbye.
Chitwan, follow him.
Prince, we are coming.
Do all of Pranav's acquaintances clap?
I like him.
He has made a statue
of his own like Rocky Balboa.
He's gone inside.
I will make one
of mine, Baba.
Outside the society.
Is this Pranav's car?
With whom is he dancing?
- With himself.
Prince Alexander.
Chanchal.
From the back.
I have told you several times
I don't want a cable connection.
Please leave.
- No, no.
I am Chanchal.
Pranav's wife.
What?
One moment.
What did you say?
- My name is Chanchal.
I am Pranav's wife.
Princess Chanchal?
Greetings.
Honored.
Please come in.
Come. Come.
Tell your employees
to wait in the balcony.
No, No.
they are my brothers.
Chandan and Chitwan.
I am Chandan.
This is Chitwan and she is Chanchal.
Greetings.
- Greetings.
You are welcome too.
Please take a load off.
- From where?
He is asking us to sit.
The rooms are big and so are the gardens.
Please take a load off.
Is this..?
- We shall see.
Easy. Easy.
Sit. Sit.
Great! Great!
It's good.
So, Prince Chaman and Prince Champak.
Grab a chair.
- No.
Just sit.
Princess Chanchal.
What brings you to Lucknow?
You've come alone? I don't see Pranav.
We thought he..
- Brother-in-law is missing.
Chanchu thought he would be here.
So we came here looking for him.
What? What is missing?
- Brother-in-law.
Pranav is missing.
- He is not to be found.
Meaning..
- Meaning..
Did you wish to see me, Prince?
- No.
No, no.
Yes.
What are you doing, Chilla? Look.
My fingers have swollen from
clapping and you wouldn't listen.
Are you deaf?
I was repairing the dining table.
The leg is broken.
Due to the sound of
hammering I did not hear you.
Okay.
This delegation has
arrived from Rajasthan.
Bring some squash for them.
I am talking to you
and you are walking away.
Get this chair fixed.
Madam would have broken
her hips just now.
I hope you heard me, Chilla.
Three glasses of squash.
The help these days acts very pricey.
He is a..
..top class..
He has a fantastic voice.
Wonderful voice.
Mr. Naushad wanted to
take him to Mumbai.
He didn't go.
He was young.
Where were we?
- Brother-in-law is lost.
He's not a bunch of
keys that one can lose.
He is a strapping young man.
How can he get lost?
Actually the elections..
- Baba messed up.
In the book he wrote the problem.
- Just shut up.
Don't do this.
What kind of a man are you?
I am talking to her..
..and you keep intervening
time and again.
Go out of here!
Get lost!
I was telling you that
Baba wrote in the book..
Shut up!
Get out!
What have I done?
- Both of you go.
Go and play outside.
Let's go.
He knows the story.
Let's go and play.
Are they really your brothers?
What are you doing?
These are antique items.
They will break.
It hasn't been played for a long time.
Interesting sub-plot idea.
The Prince that time forgot.
In an ancient heritage structure
in Lucknow lives a Nawab..
..who's clearly full of himself.
Nawab Sikandar Khan
alias Prince Alexander.
Wow!
What a guy!
He looks more ruined
than the ruins he resides in.
This must have been a beautiful
structure at some point of time.
Amazing artifacts.
Antique pieces all around.
And a ghost.
I am not a thief.
I was looking around the house.
You are Chandan Sharma.
I have read your book.
I don't know what to say.
A writer at a loss of words.
Wow!
Your name?
- Zainab.
Beautiful.
Excuse me?
- You are Prince Alexander's..
His wife.
Oh!
I thought..
- That happens often.
Incidentally, congratulations.
A film is being made on your book.
Yes.
That is happening too.
Never mind that.
Let's discuss something else.
What would you like to discuss?
How old is this building?
About 250 years old..
..and the Prince is 70 years old.
He is 42 years older than me.
Isn't that what you wanted to ask me?
Talking to you is..
- Pointless.
Difficult.
Come with me.
I'll show you the house.
- House?
You said you aren't a thief.
You were looking at the house.
- Yes.
I was looking at the house.
Shall we?
- Let's go.
Little Prince.
- What's up, bro?
Squash.
It chills the throat.
- No, no.
Thanks.
Syrup.
This chills the soul.
And I am Chilla.
- No.
Been there done that.
I am Chitwan.
Pranav is my brother-in-law.
Very nice.
Two drops of life.
It will be fun.
You're Chilla, bro, but no.
I have strong willpower.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Dead body?
What? What are you saying?
Will? - What kind of
questions are you asking me?
I am positive Pranav is alive.
Princess, you can't trust death.
It can show up anywhere.
I have come seeking your help
and you are saying these negative things.
I see.
Apparently you don't like philosophy.
No problem.
Let's go to the terrace.
You will be able to see sights from afar.
Let's start our search over there.
Come.
There is no dead body
and there is no will.
So..
And this is the Nawab's favorite room.
Wow!
This room is like a museum.
Does the Nawab have a carpet business?
- He's fond of them.
It is his ancestral property.
His father and grandfather
used to collect them.
They must be very expensive.
- Yes.
That African carpet that you see.
It is 300 years old.
Some British came
last week to offer money.
They wanted to pay 70 lakhs for it.
Well?
- Well, what?
The Nawab doesn't want to sell it.
It is his pride.
He says, "I will burn
down the whole room..
..but I refuse to sell even one carpet."
What?
I'm sorry but I don't know
if the Nawab's principles are rigid..
..or if he is out of his mind.
To each his own.
Both, the Nawab and his
views are very interesting.
Of course.
- On the other hand is your view..
..which is world famous now.
- No.
It will be.
After your film.
- That's what I'm afraid of.
You have written about
a very beautiful world.
Within the four walls of this
building I took that road trip with you.
I liked it.
- Thank you.
You want to go to the terrace?
- Sure.
Let's go.
All the others too will be upstairs.
- Yes.
Exactly.
That was fantastic, brother.
Best two drops of my life.
Chill.
- Chill.
Chilla.
- Yes.
How are things?
I don't see Jumman.
Jumman has gone to Indore to
run an errand for Mr. Shaukat.
Yes.
That's right.
Where is Mr. Timothy?
- He has gone to Kanpur.
He took money with him.
He flew off one hour ago.
He'll be back by night.
Right. Right. Right.
Okay.
Then let's send Mehbooba.
- No, let her be.
She got hurt with a string.
Did you apply turmeric on her?
- I have to apply turmeric.
Apply it.
Apply turmeric.
Then..
Mr. Salman.
Our friends are here.
So, you must fly for them.
Jumman and Timothy..?
- They are pigeons.
What if they fly off and don't return?
- They are police informants.
They are very sensible.
They carry letters.
They carry money.
They bring digestives.
Anything you tell them to do.
One might say they are
Khurshid Manzil's internet.
Do they score as well?
Near Imam Bada.
Keep going straight ahead from there.
So, go now.
Right.
Look.
Didn't I tell you..
- Zainab.
Come. Come. Come. Come.
Let me introduce you to her.
This is Mr. Pranav's princess.
And she is mine.
Let's have a party.
Excuse me?
- Do not worry.
We will get news of Mr.
Pranav by morning.
Salman is very good.
Once he makes a commitment,
consider it done.
His color is also amazing!
He was entirely white before.
Then he got some flecks.
Looks like M.F. Hussain has made
a painting on him.
What? How will Pranav be found?
- That bird has gone to find out.
What bird?
- 'Maine pyar kiya.'
'Kabutar ja, ja, ja.'
Chitwan, are you high?
No value for such a genuine person.
Damn it!
Wow!
Prince..?
- Chandan.
Chandan.
You look very handsome.
- Thank you.
Wonderful!
Have a seat.
- Yes. Yes.
You want to make love to grapes?
Excuse me?
- Wine.
He wants to know if you'd like some wine.
Yes, yes.
A little.
Give me thirty rupees.
Sorry, I left my purse in my room.
- No issue.
Chilla, put it on his account.
- Yes.
So, meat is being cooked for you all.
And it has been paid by Prince..
- Chitwan.
Chitwan.
And spinach soup is being cooked for me.
Are you vegetarian?
- Alas!
You reminded me of Mr. Khayami.
I see.
He is vegetarian.
- No.
His poem is vegetarian.
As he stated.
- Pleasure.
It has been one month.
It has been one month since
mutton has been forbidden.
I have been eating lady
fingers and chats at parties.
Wonderful!
After eating taro.
You know what taro is?
Take a look in the mirror.
After eating taro why
hurt the rhyme of poetry.
It delicately turned
into a spinach leaf.
That's not bad!
Wonderful!
No!
You don't clap for poetry.
You pay compliments.
You are supposed to
say "That was wonderful."
Forget it.
Chilla, bring my soup.
And send their food to their room.
Go away!
Let's eat together.
Such foolish behavior!
- They are guests.
Forgive them.
I've paid for it.
You have a very big heart.
- Come on
Why can't our family be normal?
- Because normal is boring.
Fido Dido says so.
Not me.
Do you remember Fido Dido?
The one in the cold drink ad.
He had four hairs.
You used to make sketches of him.
You remember?
- Maybe boring is better.
Whose family is normal?
Is this family normal?
Is Pranav's family normal?
His sister-in-law is behind this scam,
isn't she?
As for normal and exciting,
when the three of us meet..
..we do exciting things.
Else life is boring anyways.
I just wanted Pranav
and me to be normal.
And for a while I thought we were.
We made a new beginning.
Everything was going well and then..
..he just left.
- He'll be back.
I really hope.
I really hope he's okay
I imagine the worst..
- Don't think negative thoughts.
We are looking for him, aren't we?
He will be found.
Let's think of something else.
I have to tell you something.
I'm really sorry about the book.
I didn't mean to.
Seriously.
But I can't stop the film.
- Not that.
Then?
- Promise me you won't tell anyone.
Baba.
Chanchu.
Chilla and
I were chilling on the terrace.
Chill..
We were smoking cannabis.
Nice.
What's nice?
- Sweet dumplings.
Made of milk solids.
Pranav is not lost.
Chitwan.
Are you..?
- Yes!
Yes, I'm high, scumbag!
Damn it!
But Baba, when I'm high I never lie.
Pranav.
He is in Kolkata.
What nonsense is he speaking?
Pranav. You forgot Pranav?
- I know who Pranav is!
Yes.
He is in Kolkata.
He is eating sweet dumplings.
Chitwan, how do you know this?
Chilla and I were
sharing cannabis upstairs just now.
I told him I share cars,
scooters and bikes too.
One should share.
Sharing is cool!
My drivezy is available if you
want to go anywhere. Book it. Easy.
He got very high when he heard that
and said..
I have a PhD.
In Desserts.
I know about the
best desserts of the country.
I receive calls for desserts.
I received a call from
Prince Pranav recently.
Brother-in-law.
He asked me where in Kolkata
one would find the best sweet dumplings.
Good.
Sweet dumplings.
When did that happen?
It happened 8-10 days ago.
When I called back I learned he...
...called from a handicap stall
at Tollygunge tram depot.
Crap!
Let's go then.
- Hold on.
You believe an unreliable
addict and that antique chap?
Baba, I am not unreliable, okay.
Anytime there is a problem
I only step up to the occasion..
..like a superhero.
Read your book if you don't believe me.
- I've read it.
I have written that book.
- Then let's go.
What's the option?
You want to wait for
the pigeon until morning?
Okay.
Point.
Then let's and ride.
You guys leave.
I'll be there in five minutes.
Baba?
He needs to go to the
toilet at the wrong time.
Let's go, Chitwan.
Start the car.
Come.
Hi.
Is everything okay?
- Pranav is in Kolkata.
Maybe.
Oh!
That's good news.
- So we have to leave now.
The Nawab must be resting now.
Yes.
I will inform him in the morning.
You may go without worry.
If you like I could return
after wrapping this up.
You may return anytime you wish.
You're most welcome here.
To take you.
Excuse me?
You are here in this
shambles of a mansion.
I'll come back for you.
You want to rescue me?
By helping me run from here?
Mr. Sharma, you have written
such an unconventional book.
So, how did your outlook
become so cliché in reality?
Pardon?
I am extremely happy over here.
And I truly love the Nawab infinitely.
You're silent again?
- I'm really sorry.
I assumed that..
- No. No.
Please don't be sorry.
It's very sweet and in fact
I'm flattered.
But you're really happy here.
With him.
Tell me something.
Have you ever wondered..
..why Pranav respects this
strange and weird Nawab so much?
Four years ago he
sold one of his carpets..
..and he did so happily.
Do you know why?
- Why?
Because he didn't want any
shortage for my post-graduation.
Nothing less than Oxford
was acceptable to him.
Oxford?
For a successful novelist..
..it seems you judge
all the books by their covers.
No, I'm sorry, I..
- Chandan.
Yes. Coming.
I will write to you.
- Will you send it with a pigeon..
..or shall I give you my email ID?
I will write you in my next book.
I'm pleased to meet you.
There seems to be disorder outside.
The Police are here.
They are looking for the three of you.
And they plan to come here.
We should leave immediately.
- Listen.
Don't go like this.
Let's go.
Where is Chitwan?
Are you ready, guys? Let's go.
Come.
- What the hell!
The fitting wasn't right.
Chitwan, please.
The Police will be here any minute.
What are you doing?
I'm not afraid of the Police.
- Wear this cap.
Baba.
My hair will get mussed up.
- Never mind your hair.
The Policemen will
come now and make you bald.
"Hair."
Even my son doesn't wear a cap.
Thankfully he comes
to the mosque on Eid.
Greetings.
What brings you here?
Pardon me but we received a
message on the wireless early morning..
..for everyone to assemble here.
The other Officers
will be coming too.
Is everything okay?
Yes.
I guess the Nawab
must have some business..
..which is why he
must have called you.
He is inside.
Go and see him.
These are our guests.
They were leaving.
They're going to Barabanki.
Wow!
Very good!
You must go to Deva Sharif.
- Of course, sir.
That is the goal of my life.
Pardon me but he is vantage.
- He is advantage
Vantage means convenience.
- Oh!
God have mercy!
God!
- Will you two stop speaking in Urdu!
Come in.
I guess we will leave.
We have to get there quickly.
That would be right.
Baba, I shall carry your bag.
Come on, Baba.
Give me the key.
What happened? - You aren't
going to drive. You're high.
I can drive correctly
even when I'm high.
Oh!
Oh, Salman!
What news do you have?
Get some rest.
From Gharia ghat to Tollygang depot.
Chilla!
Wake up the guests.
Tell them to look for
Prince Pranav in Kolkata.